In this section we’re going to be discussing
data binding in Angular.
Data binding is the mechanism that we use
for communicating between the template and
the component class.
After defining our properties and methods
inside of our class we’re then able to use
special syntax in our template in order to
display data and process any changes that
are made to that data.
There are 3 different types of binding that
we can use.
The first is one way binding – which takes
our declared class properties and displays
them using curly brackets, next we have 2-way
binding which allows users to update the model
and is used places like input boxes and form
fields.
And finally we have Event binding – which
takes users actions such as clicks on buttons
and then performs some action or logic defined
within a method.
Lets now see how each one of these works inside
of our application.